Docs on `open_virtual_mfdataset` and scaling (#590)
zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr: docs/usage.md

 '1.0.0': {'path': 'file:///work/data/air2.nc', 'offset': 15419, 'length': 3869000}}
```

Again, we can achieve both the opening and combining steps for multiple files in one go by using `open_virtual_mfdataset <virtualizarr.open_virtual_mfdataset>`, but this passing `combine='by_coords'`.

```python
combined_vds = xr.open_virtual_mfdataset(['air2.nc', 'air1.nc'], combine='by_coords')
```

We can even pass in a glob to find all the files we want to automatically combine:

```python
combined_vds = xr.open_virtual_mfdataset('air*.nc', combine='by_coords')
```

### Ordering using metadata

TODO: Use preprocess to create a new index from the metadata. Requires `open_virtual_mfdataset` to be implemented in [PR #349](https://github.com/zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr/pull/349).

### Combining many virtual datasets at once

> Combining a large number (e.g. 1000's) of virtual datasets at once  should be very quick (a few seconds), as we are just manipulating a few kBs of metadata in memory.
> 
> However creating 1000's of virtual datasets at once can take a very long time.
> (If that was quick there would be little need for this library!)
> See the page on [Scaling](scaling.md) for tips on how to create large numbers of virtual datasets at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combining a large number (e.g., 1000s) of virtual datasets at once should be very quick (a few seconds), as we are manipulating only a few KBs of metadata in memory.

However creating 1000s of virtual datasets at once can take a very long time.
(If it were quick to do so, there would be little need for this library!)
See the page on [Scaling](scaling.md) for tips on how to create large numbers of virtual datasets at once.
```
